Hello everybody.
Welcome back.
Today we're going to start with the model building process.
Well we're going to start with the every version of the model building process.
We are going to clean up the dirt a little bit more.
In regards to the one having calling in feature selection in this video we're going to start the one
hiding Cody in the tree display.
So let's start with that.
We begin by of course loading the needed libraries hand us around the lake.
I want to run them a little bit.
Then we're going to load which is new turn that C is always around.
Now the first step is to make sure you separate the user identifiers hours later for another user for
any pretty user calculations.
But what you say at the very end too much depredations the users that they keep.
So they say we're going to do this by setting up a search identifier as they assess that user because
that's a cop.
Great.
Now we need to remove this from the SS so we can get rid of it by say they say that they said that draw
of course columns and you should call them.
Yes.
Now that's the one hiding coding part will do so by looking at our categorical variables and see how
they look.
Now the purpose of one high encoding is so that we can convert all variables into their own independent
binary onze piking models cannot read categorical aerials as they cannot read SRI's us.
We have the independent variable but of course by becomes which is what commercial we're going to be.
So let's be in the poll data that housing value counts which is giving us the value counts for each
of those levels housing.
You can see that we have seen this before.
Now there's a couple of categorical variables that we don't have to start them all because that has
been done in the EPA PARNABY years.
So going into this you see that those that get that do is one hand-coding for for us.
We're told the arguments he takes which ones are cutting are variables and makes them into their own
by Nikon's.
So let's look once the new house and us kids dummys an Army base the original is Burundi's in that's
it.
Now to see what we have that we were gonna use the homes argument and we have the number of homes all
going very well having spread.
So you guys can see here payment type of spread the pain type Mondli semimonthly in songs for simple
soleus.
So I'm sorry for us but that's not it.
We need to a boy and dummy variable track which is causing correlated fields because we are considering
all possible levels in the one hand going towards them.
That means that because a which is housing in the it's going to be one every single time in which both
houses are housing 0 are zero.
That crazy correlation.
So we always have to get rid of one of the 100 homes to make sure there's no correlation no.
And we're going to do so as far as we're going to assess the cost to the originals.
It in dropping a couple of Corley costs.
So we need to replace or drop one for each of the original categorical terms.
So for housing What are we going to give you.
Well let's get rid of all housing any just because it is the original value and it's not very many Except
that this is undisclosed.
What else should we be aware of.
Well what about so we can just as easily find but there is also an AIDS.
So what we're going to do is do the same as housie figurehead of the zodiac.
Now luckily for us there's also any version of payment and there evil this is going to accomplish the
act of removing the correlation from the one hand cops.
Now this trial runs one more day here this week for Ixion and action.
So we have done the one going pretty quickly.
Now let's jump in the train display part of this process.
20 split of course as you may remember we just import the province which is from Eskil learn model selection
import trying to split exit.
Now this is going to return for items which is the case for testing and train sets and the why again
for a train in this excerpt and we get this from running the train display the following is the first
one is the you know the ascent minus the response variable because we only want the exit here again
the independent mirrors.
So we're going to draw the columns
actually next.
Mary is going to be the y axis meaning the actual chern call soon.
Next is the test sites telling us how big that test is going to be.
In this case zero point do it mean that 20 percent is going to go into a test size and is going to go
into trains.
And finally just for me I will use random state zero so I can replicate these results when around 1.
So let's find this and see what we get.
Actually you run perfectly and now we have all four data sets that we want to proceed.
That's it for this medium.
Thank you very much for watching.
And next the.